- Amazon CloudWatch is a monitoring and observability service
    - built for DevOps engineers, developers, site reliability engineers (SREs), IT managers, and product owners. CloudWatch collects monitoring and operational data as logs, metrics, and events. This information gives you a unified view of your AWS resources, applications, and services that run on AWS and on-premises servers. You can use CloudWatch to detect anomalous behavior in your environments, set alarms, visualize logs and metrics side by side, take automated actions, troubleshoot issues, and discover insights to keep your applications running smoothly. With CloudWatch, you can collect, access, and correlate information from all your AWS resources, applications, and services running on AWS and on premises. This capability helps you break down data silos to gain system-wide visibility and quickly resolve issues.
- Provides a unified view of the operational health of your AWS resources, applications, and services
    - You can use CloudWatch Events to deliver a near-real-time stream of system events that describe changes in AWS resources. CloudWatch Events becomes aware of operational changes as they occur and responds to them. CloudWatch Events takes corrective action as necessary by sending messages to respond to the environment, activating functions, making changes, and capturing state information. CloudWatch Events is currently being replaced by Amazon EventBridge.
- Collects metrics in the AWS cloud and on premises
    - With CloudWatch Logs, you can monitor, store, and access your log files from EC2 instances, CloudTrail, Amazon Route53, and other sources. You can centralize the logs from all of your systems, applications, and AWS services in a single, highly scalable service. You can then easily view the logs, search them for specific error codes or patterns, filter them based on specific fields, or archive them securely for future analysis. With CloudWatch Logs, you can see all of your logs, regardless of their source, as a single and consistent flow of events ordered by time. You can query the logs and sort them based on other dimensions, group them by specific fields, create custom computations with a powerful query language, and visualize log data in dashboards.
- Can be used for infrastructure monitoring and troubleshooting
- Provides the ability to customize logs and events

For more information, see Amazon CloudWatch at:
https://aws.amazon.com/cloudwatch.
